Added basic documentation about the project (#73)
infraguys/genesis_core: README.md

![Tests workflow](https://github.com/infraguys/genesis_core/actions/workflows/tests.yml/badge.svg)
![Build workflow](https://github.com/infraguys/genesis_core/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)

Welcome to Genesis Core!

> The Genesis Core is an open source software that brings infrastructure at all levels. From bare metal and virtual machines to applications and services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Genesis Core is an open source software that offers a one turnkey solution to deal with infrastructure at all levels - from bare metal and virtual machines to applications and services.
```

Author: Fixed
